#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.3.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
captcha==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
faker==15.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==22.10.26
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.14.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
grpcio==1.53.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.7.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.4
    # via requests
imageio==2.22.3
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via markdown
keras==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==14.0.6
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==2.8.8
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   tensorflow
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   captcha
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pydot==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   pydot
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   matplotlib
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via scikit-image
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.19.3
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.9.3
    # via scikit-image
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard==2.10.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.27.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.1.0
    # via tensorflow
tifffile==2022.10.10
    # via scikit-image
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.38.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.10.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
